<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# Create AFD-target-groups

This module creates Azure Front Door Target Groups

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (~> 1.10)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.target_group](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description: The name of the target group resource.

Target groups define backend endpoints for tunnel policies.

Constraints:
- Must be between 1 and 260 characters
- Can only contain alphanumeric characters and hyphens
- Cannot start or end with a hyphen

Example Input:

```hcl
name = "backend-targets"
```

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_profile_id"></a> [profile\_id](#input\_profile\_id)

Description: The full Azure Resource ID of the CDN profile where this target group will be created.

This should be in the format:
`/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.Cdn/profiles/{profileName}`

Example Input:

```hcl
profile_id = "/subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/my-rg/providers/Microsoft.Cdn/profiles/my-profile"
```

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_target_endpoints"></a> [target\_endpoints](#input\_target\_endpoints)

Description: List of target backend endpoints that comprise this target group.

Each endpoint specifies a backend server and the ports it listens on.

- `target_fqdn` = (Required) The fully qualified domain name or IP address of the backend endpoint
- `ports`       = (Required) List of TCP port numbers the backend listens on. Range: 1-65535

Constraints:
- At least one target endpoint must be specified
- Each endpoint must have at least one port
- All ports must be between 1 and 65535

Example Input:

```hcl
target_endpoints = [
  {
    target_fqdn = "backend1.example.com"
    ports       = [443, 8443]
  },
  {
    target_fqdn = "backend2.example.com"
    ports       = [443]
  }
]
```

Type:

```hcl
list(object({
    target_fqdn = string
    ports       = list(number)
  }))
```

## Optional Inputs

No optional inputs.

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_id"></a> [id](#output\_id)

Description: The ID of the target group.

### <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name)

Description: The name of the target group.

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The Azure Resource ID of the target group.

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->