<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# Create AFD-secrets

This module creates Azure Front Door Secrets

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (~> 1.10)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.secret](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description: The name of the secret resource.

Constraints:
- Must be between 1 and 260 characters
- Can only contain alphanumeric characters and hyphens

Example Input:

```hcl
name = "my-custom-certificate"
```

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_profile_id"></a> [profile\_id](#input\_profile\_id)

Description: The full Azure Resource ID of the CDN profile where this secret will be stored.

This should be in the format:
`/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.Cdn/profiles/{profileName}`

Example Input:

```hcl
profile_id = "/subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/my-rg/providers/Microsoft.Cdn/profiles/my-profile"
```

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_key_id"></a> [key\_id](#input\_key\_id)

Description: The customer-defined key identifier for URL signing keys.

This ID will appear in incoming requests to indicate which key was used to form the signature hash. Required when `type` is `UrlSigningKey`.

Example Input:

```hcl
key_id = "signing-key-1"
```

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_secret_source_resource_id"></a> [secret\_source\_resource\_id](#input\_secret\_source\_resource\_id)

Description: The full Azure Resource ID of the Azure Key Vault secret or certificate containing the secret value.

Required for the following secret types:
- `CustomerCertificate` - Customer-provided TLS certificate
- `MtlsCertificateChain` - mTLS CA certificate chain
- `UrlSigningKey` - URL signing key

Must be a valid Azure Key Vault secret resource ID in the format:
`/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.KeyVault/vaults/{vaultName}/secrets/{secretName}`

Example Input:

```hcl
secret_source_resource_id = "/subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/my-rg/providers/Microsoft.KeyVault/vaults/my-keyvault/secrets/my-cert"
```

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_secret_version"></a> [secret\_version](#input\_secret\_version)

Description: The specific version of the Azure Key Vault secret to use.

If not specified, the latest version will be used. Used for:
- `CustomerCertificate`
- `MtlsCertificateChain`
- `UrlSigningKey`

Example Input:

```hcl
secret_version = "a1b2c3d4e5f6g7h8i9j0k1l2m3n4o5p6"
```

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_subject_alternative_names"></a> [subject\_alternative\_names](#input\_subject\_alternative\_names)

Description: The list of Subject Alternative Names (SANs) for the certificate.

Used when `type` is `AzureFirstPartyManagedCertificate` to specify additional domain names covered by the certificate.

Example Input:

```hcl
subject_alternative_names = [
  "www.example.com",
  "api.example.com",
  "cdn.example.com"
]
```

Type: `list(string)`

Default: `[]`

### <a name="input_type"></a> [type](#input\_type)

Description: The type of secret to create.

Possible values:
- `AzureFirstPartyManagedCertificate` - Microsoft-managed certificate (default)
- `CustomerCertificate` - Customer-provided certificate from Azure Key Vault
- `ManagedCertificate` - Azure Front Door managed certificate (free)
- `MtlsCertificateChain` - mTLS CA certificate chain from Key Vault
- `UrlSigningKey` - URL signing key from Key Vault for token authentication

Example Input:

```hcl
type = "CustomerCertificate"
```

Type: `string`

Default: `"AzureFirstPartyManagedCertificate"`

### <a name="input_use_latest_version"></a> [use\_latest\_version](#input\_use\_latest\_version)

Description: Whether to automatically use the latest version of the certificate from Azure Key Vault.

When set to `true`, Azure Front Door will automatically update to use the newest version of the certificate when it changes in Key Vault. This is useful for automatic certificate rotation.

When set to `false`, the specific `secret_version` will be used (or the current latest version at deployment time if `secret_version` is not specified).

Used for `CustomerCertificate` type only.

Example Input:

```hcl
use_latest_version = true
```

Type: `bool`

Default: `false`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_id"></a> [id](#output\_id)

Description: The ID of the secret.

### <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name)

Description: The name of the secret.

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The Azure Resource ID of the secret.

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->