<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# Create AFD-rule-set

This module creates Azure Front Door Rule Sets.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (~> 1.10)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.rule_set](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description: The name of the rule set.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_profile_id"></a> [profile\_id](#input\_profile\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the CDN profile.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_rules"></a> [rules](#input\_rules)

Description: A map of rules to apply to the rule set. Each rule contains conditions and actions.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    name                      = string
    order                     = number
    actions                   = optional(list(map(any)), [])
    conditions                = optional(list(map(any)), [])
    match_processing_behavior = optional(string, "Continue")
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_id"></a> [id](#output\_id)

Description: The ID of the rule set.

### <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name)

Description: The name of the rule set.

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The Azure Resource ID of the rule set.

### <a name="output_rule_ids"></a> [rule\_ids](#output\_rule\_ids)

Description: Map of rule names to their resource IDs.

### <a name="output_rules"></a> [rules](#output\_rules)

Description: Map of rule names to their module outputs.

## Modules

The following Modules are called:

### <a name="module_rule"></a> [rule](#module\_rule)

Source: ../rule-set-rule

Version:

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->