<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# Create AFD-Endpoint

This module creates Azure Front Door Endpoints.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (~> 1.10)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.afd_endpoint](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description: The name of the Azure Front Door (AFD) endpoint.

This will be used as part of the endpoint's auto-generated domain name (e.g., `{name}.azurefd.net`).

Example Input:

```hcl
name = "my-afd-endpoint"
```

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_profile_id"></a> [profile\_id](#input\_profile\_id)

Description: The full Azure resource ID of the parent CDN profile.

Format: `/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.Cdn/profiles/{profileName}`

Example Input:

```hcl
profile_id = "/subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/my-rg/providers/Microsoft.Cdn/profiles/my-cdn-profile"
```

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_profile_name"></a> [profile\_name](#input\_profile\_name)

Description: The name of the parent CDN profile.

This is used for constructing child resource IDs and references.

Example Input:

```hcl
profile_name = "my-cdn-profile"
```

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_auto_generated_domain_name_label_scope"></a> [auto\_generated\_domain\_name\_label\_scope](#input\_auto\_generated\_domain\_name\_label\_scope)

Description: Specifies the reuse scope for the auto-generated endpoint domain name.

This controls whether the endpoint name can be reused in different scopes:
- `NoReuse` - The endpoint name must be globally unique across all Azure tenants
- `ResourceGroupReuse` - The endpoint name can be reused in different resource groups
- `SubscriptionReuse` - The endpoint name can be reused in different subscriptions
- `TenantReuse` - The endpoint name can be reused in different tenants (default)

Example Input:

```hcl
auto_generated_domain_name_label_scope = "TenantReuse"
```

Type: `string`

Default: `"TenantReuse"`

### <a name="input_enabled_state"></a> [enabled\_state](#input\_enabled\_state)

Description: Whether the AFD endpoint is enabled and can serve traffic.

Possible values:
- `Enabled` - The endpoint is active and can serve traffic (default)
- `Disabled` - The endpoint is inactive and will not serve traffic

Example Input:

```hcl
enabled_state = "Enabled"
```

Type: `string`

Default: `"Enabled"`

### <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location)

Description: The Azure region where the AFD endpoint metadata is stored.

For Azure Front Door endpoints, this should typically be set to `global` as AFD is a globally distributed service.

Example Input:

```hcl
location = "global"
```

Type: `string`

Default: `"global"`

### <a name="input_routes"></a> [routes](#input\_routes)

Description: A map of routes to configure for this AFD endpoint.

Routes define how traffic is handled for specific URL patterns, including origin selection, caching behavior, custom domains, and rule sets.

- `<map key>` - Use a custom map key to define each route configuration
  - `name`            = (Required) The name of the route
  - `origin_group_id` = (Required) The Azure resource ID of the origin group to route traffic to
  - `cache_configuration` = (Optional) Cache configuration for this route
    - `query_string_caching_behavior` = (Optional) How to handle query strings in caching
    - `query_parameters`              = (Optional) Query parameters to include/exclude from caching
    - `compression_settings` = (Optional) Compression configuration
      - `content_types_to_compress` = (Optional) List of content types to compress
      - `is_compression_enabled`    = (Optional) Whether compression is enabled
  - `custom_domain_ids`   = (Optional) List of custom domain resource IDs to associate with this route
  - `enabled_state`       = (Optional) Whether the route is enabled
  - `forwarding_protocol` = (Optional) Protocol to use when forwarding to origin
  - `https_redirect`         = (Optional) Whether to redirect HTTP to HTTPS
  - `link_to_default_domain` = (Optional) Whether to link to the default endpoint domain
  - `origin_path`            = (Optional) Path on the origin to retrieve content from
  - `patterns_to_match`      = (Optional) URL patterns this route should handle
  - `rule_set_ids`           = (Optional) List of rule set resource IDs to apply
  - `supported_protocols`    = (Optional) List of supported protocols (Http, Https)

Example Input:

```hcl
routes = {
  "default" = {
    name            = "default-route"
    origin_group_id = "/subscriptions/.../originGroups/my-origin-group"
    patterns_to_match = ["/*"]
  }
}
```

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    name            = string
    origin_group_id = string
    cache_configuration = optional(object({
      query_string_caching_behavior = optional(string)
      query_parameters              = optional(string)
      compression_settings = optional(object({
        content_types_to_compress = optional(list(string))
        is_compression_enabled    = optional(bool)
      }))
    }))
    custom_domain_ids   = optional(list(string))
    enabled_state       = optional(string)
    forwarding_protocol = optional(string)
    #grpc_state             = optional(string) #TODO: enable when supported in AFD Endpoint resource route resource
    https_redirect         = optional(string)
    link_to_default_domain = optional(string)
    origin_path            = optional(string)
    patterns_to_match      = optional(list(string))
    rule_set_ids           = optional(list(string))
    supported_protocols    = optional(list(string))
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags)

Description: A map of tags to assign to the AFD endpoint resource.

Example Input:

```hcl
tags = {
  Environment = "Production"
  Service     = "WebApp"
}
```

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `{}`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_host_name"></a> [host\_name](#output\_host\_name)

Description: The host name of the AFD endpoint.

### <a name="output_id"></a> [id](#output\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the AFD Endpoint.

### <a name="output_location"></a> [location](#output\_location)

Description: The location the resource was deployed into.

### <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name)

Description: The name of the AFD Endpoint.

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the AFD Endpoint.

### <a name="output_route_ids"></a> [route\_ids](#output\_route\_ids)

Description: The resource IDs of the routes.

### <a name="output_routes"></a> [routes](#output\_routes)

Description: The routes created for this AFD endpoint.

## Modules

The following Modules are called:

### <a name="module_route"></a> [route](#module\_route)

Source: ../afd-endpoint-route

Version:

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->