<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# Create AFD-tunnel-policies

This module creates Azure Front Door Tunnel Policies

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (~> 1.10)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.tunnel_policy](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description: The name of the tunnel policy resource.

Tunnel policies enable secure tunneling of traffic from Azure Front Door to backend origins.

Constraints:
- Must be between 1 and 260 characters
- Can only contain alphanumeric characters and hyphens
- Cannot start or end with a hyphen

Example Input:

```hcl
name = "secure-tunnel-policy"
```

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_profile_id"></a> [profile\_id](#input\_profile\_id)

Description: The full Azure Resource ID of the CDN profile where this tunnel policy will be created.

This should be in the format:
`/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.Cdn/profiles/{profileName}`

Example Input:

```hcl
profile_id = "/subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/my-rg/providers/Microsoft.Cdn/profiles/my-profile"
```

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_domains"></a> [domains](#input\_domains)

Description: List of custom domain resource references that this tunnel policy applies to.

Each domain specifies an Azure Front Door custom domain resource ID.

- `id` = (Required) The full Azure Resource ID of the custom domain

Example Input:

```hcl
domains = [
  {
    id = "/subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/my-rg/providers/Microsoft.Cdn/profiles/my-profile/customDomains/www-example-com"
  }
]
```

Type:

```hcl
list(object({
    id = string
  }))
```

Default: `[]`

### <a name="input_target_groups"></a> [target\_groups](#input\_target\_groups)

Description: List of target group resource references that define backend endpoints for this tunnel.

Each target group specifies an Azure Front Door target group resource ID containing backend endpoints.

- `id` = (Required) The full Azure Resource ID of the target group

Example Input:

```hcl
target_groups = [
  {
    id = "/subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/my-rg/providers/Microsoft.Cdn/profiles/my-profile/targetGroups/backend-targets"
  }
]
```

Type:

```hcl
list(object({
    id = string
  }))
```

Default: `[]`

### <a name="input_tunnel_type"></a> [tunnel\_type](#input\_tunnel\_type)

Description: The tunneling protocol used for forwarding traffic to backend endpoints.

Currently, only HTTP CONNECT tunneling is supported, which enables secure proxy-style connections to backends.

Possible values:
- `HttpConnect` - HTTP CONNECT proxy protocol (default and only supported value)

Example Input:

```hcl
tunnel_type = "HttpConnect"
```

Type: `string`

Default: `"HttpConnect"`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_id"></a> [id](#output\_id)

Description: The ID of the tunnel policy.

### <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name)

Description: The name of the tunnel policy.

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The Azure Resource ID of the tunnel policy.

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->